 Main aliases

tf.initializers

Classes

class Constant: Initializer that generates tensors with constant values.

class GlorotNormal: The Glorot normal initializer, also called Xavier normal initializer.

class GlorotUniform: The Glorot uniform initializer, also called Xavier uniform initializer.

class HeNormal: He normal initializer.

class HeUniform: He uniform variance scaling initializer.

class Identity: Initializer that generates the identity matrix.

class Initializer: Initializer base class: all Keras initializers inherit from this class.

class LecunNormal: Lecun normal initializer.

class LecunUniform: Lecun uniform initializer.

class Ones: Initializer that generates tensors initialized to 1.

class Orthogonal: Initializer that generates an orthogonal matrix.

class RandomNormal: Initializer that generates tensors with a normal distribution.

class RandomUniform: Initializer that generates tensors with a uniform distribution.

class TruncatedNormal: Initializer that generates a truncated normal distribution.

class VarianceScaling: Initializer capable of adapting its scale to the shape of weights tensors.

class Zeros: Initializer that generates tensors initialized to 0.

class constant: Initializer that generates tensors with constant values.

class glorot_normal: The Glorot normal initializer, also called Xavier normal initializer.

class glorot_uniform: The Glorot uniform initializer, also called Xavier uniform initializer.

class he_normal: He normal initializer.

class he_uniform: He uniform variance scaling initializer.

class identity: Initializer that generates the identity matrix.

class lecun_normal: Lecun normal initializer.

class lecun_uniform: Lecun uniform initializer.

class ones: Initializer that generates tensors initialized to 1.

class orthogonal: Initializer that generates an orthogonal matrix.

class random_normal: Initializer that generates tensors with a normal distribution.

class random_uniform: Initializer that generates tensors with a uniform distribution.

class truncated_normal: Initializer that generates a truncated normal distribution.

class variance_scaling: Initializer capable of adapting its scale to the shape of weights tensors.

class zeros: Initializer that generates tensors initialized to 0.
Functions

deserialize(...): Return an Initializer object from its config.

get(...): Retrieve a Keras initializer by the identifier.

serialize(...)